PR/issue テンプレートの修正 (#9)
ut-issl/repository-template: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/action_item.md

---
name: Action Item

> about: Template for AI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Create an action item
```

title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

## Details

> Please write details of the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Provide a detailed description of the issue._
```

> ## Conditions of close

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Closing conditions
```

> Please write conditions of close the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Provide the conditions that must be met for the issue to be closed._
```

> ## Supplements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supplementary information
```

> - Please write supplements if you need them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Provide any supplementary information._
```

## Notes

> - Please tie the related project if it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Link the issue to any related projects if applicable._
```

> - Please set `Assignees`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Assign the appropriate member(s) to this issue as `Assignees` if possible._
```

> - Please set a `priority` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Apply a `priority` label._
```

> - Please write the conclusion before close the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Provide a conclusion before closing the issue._
```
